Vth semester Computer Engineering(Revised Syllabus)
Experiments for 8086 Microprocessor and Microcontroller Lab
By N.K.Vernekar


Expt 1. Write an assembly language program to accept two numbers. Calculate and Display sum, difference, product and quotient .
Expt 2 Write an assembly language program to swap two numbers.
Expt 3 Write an Assembly language program to generate Fibonacci series. Accept the order of Fibonacci series(n) from the user.
Expt 4 Write an Assembly language program to accept n numbers and display them in reverse order.
Expt 5 Write an Assembly language program to accept n numbers and display the highest and lowest number.
Expt 6 Write an Assembly language program to accept n numbers and display them in
(i)	ascending order
(ii)	descending order 
using at least three sorting methods( bubble, selection,insertion).
Expt 8 Write an assembly language program to implement linear search, given n integer numbers.
Expt 7 Write an Assembly language program to implement Binary search. Accept n numbers and an item to be searched. If an item is found , display its location or else print an error message.

Expt 9 Write an Assembly language program to accept n consecutive numbers with one number missing. Determine the missing number.


Expt 10 Write 8086/8087 assembly language program to find the following
(i)	Area of the circle
(ii)	Area of rectangle
(iii)	Volume of the cube

Expt 11. Write 8086/8087 assembly language program to prove the following trigonometric identities
(i)	Sin2(?)+cos2(?)= 1
(ii)	Tan2(?)+ 1= sec2(?)
(iii)	1+cot2(?)= cosec2(?)
(iv)	Cos(a+b)=cos(a)Cos(b)- sin(a) sin(b) 
(v)	sin(?+?)=sin(?)Cos(?)+ cos(?) sin(?) 

Expt 12. Write 8086/8087 program to compute the real roots of the quadratic equation.
Expt 13 Write programs which shows the following  features of the 80286/386/486/Pentium processor
(i)	different addressing modes
(ii)	data definitions 
(iii)	compare instructions
(iv)	finding the maximum of three integer numbers
(v)	procedures and stacks
Expt no 14. Execute the programs from 1 to 12 given in Microcontroller book by Myke Predko.
Exptno  15. Implement 8051 microcontroller program to interface and control
(i)	LEDs
(ii)	Switch
(iii)	Keyboard

Rules and Regulations:

•	All students should come on time in order to start the lab practicals. Any delay will affect the time allocated for the lab sessions.
•	All students should attend the lab in their respective sections. No student will be allowed to come outside its normal scheduled section.
•	No student will be accepted after 15 minutes of the starting of the lab.
•	Any absence should be followed by an official excuse one week later. All excuses beyond the allowed period will not be considered. 
•	Lab reports, if any, should be submitted at the end of the lab session.
•	All students are responsible to abide by the above stated rules. 
•	Lab Syllabus given  might be updated if necessary depending on the requirement

