8087 programs

Write a program which shows that assembler adjusts FLD,FILD and FBLD instructions for different size of operands.

Write a program to calculate the area of the circle.

Write a program to compute the volume of the sphere.

Write an 8087 program to compute the real roots of the quadratic equation ax2+bx+c=0 
Where  x is given by the formula. 

Write a program which determines the resonant frequency of the LC circuit. The equation for resosant frequency is given by 

Calculate the hypotenuse of a right angled triangle whose sides a and b is given by SIDEA and SIDEB respectively.

Assume that N  real numbers are stored in the short real format starting at location  REALARRRAY . Write an instruction sequence in 8086/8087 assembly language that would multiply the sums of all positive numbers by the sum of all negative numbers and then store the result in PRODUCT.

Write an instruction sequence in 8086/8087 assembly language that would compute sine and cos  where  is greater than  0 and less then  Assume that  THETA contains angle in short real format and that the results  are to be stored in long real format.

Write an 8087 program to prove 3 trigonometric identities.

Write a program to compute the standard deviation, variance and median of given set of N real short numbers 


Following programs should be treated as Home assignments

To find the largest number in a data  word array.
To find the smallest no in a data word array.
To find the largest 8 bit number in data byte array.
To arrange the numbers in descending order using quick sort.
To arrange the numbers in ascending order using quick sort.
To  implement block byte move.
To implement block word move.
Byte block move using REP
Word block move using REP
To implement the sum of a series of 16 bit numbers.( sum is 16 bit).
To implement  the sum of a series of  16 bit numbers. ( sum is 32 bit).
To implement the sum of 2 multibyte numbers.
To implement product of 32 bit numbers.
